Documentation for Heimerdinger Discord Alpha Build (Database Version)
Created and published by Hook with discord.py, firebase and riotapi


---

## Concept

The user can add summoner names to a list (further this list will be called live-feed). Once a summoner in the live-feed finishes a League of Legends game, data of that game will be printed out in a designated live-feed discord channel.

This bot is modular by design. Any additional data and channels must be created and set by the user. It is not recommended to use this bot without the documentation.

---

## Whats new in Alpha?

The stable build works with local data. Therefore the user had to host it on a seperate server. This new alpha build now provides a database structure. Its now possible to use this bot with only an API key. The offline version will be soon provided as a open source project.

---

## Preperation

Before we can setup the bot, we need to prepare some data. Please follow every step and read through the documentation.

---

##### Riot Api Key
This will be the access point for the League of Legends data. The bot needs a key to get access to Riots API. This key is generated by the user at the [riot development portal](https://developer.riotgames.com/). Development Keys are not recommended. Therefore the user should register an app in order to receive a Production Key.

Please keep note of your key (RGAPI-XXX) and do not share it.

---

##### Discord Channel
In order to use the live-feed it is reommended to create a new text channel (e.g "match-history")

While initializing the bot, the user needs to initialize the api key via text message. It is highly recommended to hide the text channel until the setup is completed.

---

##### Adding the Bot
This can be done via this [link](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1027921979107450880&permissions=269039664&scope=bot)

---

## Setup

Head to the live-feed discord channel (the only members in there should be you and the bot). Now provide your data with the following command:

```
!init KEY REGION
```

- KEY should start with RGAPI-
- REGION is either europe or america

The bot will let you know if everything is set up correctly.

---

## Commands

Commands can be used in all channels and do not need to be executed in your live-feed-channel.

| COMMAND | DESCRIPTION |
| - | - |
| !add summoner_name | adds a summoner to your live-feed |
| !remove summoner_name | removes a summoner from your live-feed |
| !list | get a list of all summoner names in your live-feed |
| !set key [KEY] | change key after !init |
| !set region [REGION] | change region after !init |
| !enable | enable the live-feed |
| !disable | disable the live-feed |
| !deleteall | deletes all data coresponding to your server |

---

## Rate Limits

20 requests every 1 seconds  
100 requests every 2 minutes

These are the standard rate limits for non production keys. The bot will exceed this limit with ~20 Users in live-feed.

---

## Todo

-  Public Alpha Testing
-  !game command
-  code cleanup
-  Getting rid of user api keys
-  API buffering

---

## Changelog

- Published

---

## Bugs

---








